Over there.
And the viewers don't know that at all,
especially when you're a little boy watching it.
I mean,
the Saturday morning that you sick did on macho man,
Randy Savage affected him in entire generation in,
in time I've ever got.
I,
oh,
there's no doubt.
I mean,
it affected me so deeply as a kid to the ship is if I'm ever laying around with
a girl and I'm having a little problem in the woods,
key department,
you know,
and it happens at 63.
Ah,
you put that on,
you know,
uh,
I put the video wall and instantly I'm her ass.
Really?
Oh brother.
That's hard,
right,
man.
Why?
Holy Shit watching.
I mean,
that was,
this was literally the ultimate bad guy putting a snake on a good guy and look
at the,
look on that kid's face in the corner.
That's the best part,
actually.
Somebody you're shoved the finger up his ass or that kid is gonna have a goddamn
heart attack,
but you have a heart rate monitor on him.
He beats per minute.
I had a conversation with one of my good friends,
Pete.
You know Pete,
when he saw this,
you had a good friend.
But yeah.
Quick question I want to ask,
but check out.
This is,
this is the kind of quality friend I have is a dealer.
When he saw this,
when I,
when he saw this as a kid,
all on the same day that I saw it,
he ran away from home.
It freaked him out so badly.
When you put this snake on Macho man,
his arm,
he packed it.
He didn't even have anywhere to go.
He ended up coming home later that night after it got cold,
he packed a bag and just left.
How old was he?
Oh Jeez.
I mean I got to it probably.
Probably,
probably I would guess and you know,
1112 something like that.
300 kids.
You're right that day because Jay Jay is a real story on this whole,
yeah,
I love that.
Yeah.
You want to hear this?
Just yes,
your job really went down.
Whew.
I've been waiting 30 years I've done with the python because that mother fucker
tell you the truth of killing me,
you know,
weight a hundred pounds and then he would bite me and then it'd be 30 40
stitches.
That was 30 something stitches there on it.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
You got the vein
actually committed suicide that night.
Looking at that shit is cool in it.
I mean this must just handles it
better bite.
You're doing a great job.
Look at that thing sinking.
It's fucking teeth in to him.
And then at the end a little stream of blood comes through and that was the
final,
Oh my God,
I couldn't get any moose.
Oh my gosh.
Finally I had to prize mouth open to get him off.
And by the way,
this is on a Saturday morning,
so it's this,
you flip the channel.
It's a little old school cartoons that weren't even like entertaining.
You know what I mean?
And then there's this chaos on another channel and it's so obviously real.
Oh yeah.
It's so obviously terrified of snakes.
Well if he wasn't before the Piper pulled the gun on me one time over a snake.
Really?
Yeah.
What happened?
I snuck up behind him with a snake and he'd fucking heard me.
Jagan went,
yeah.
He goes,
I know what you're fucking doing it don't.
You don't even get his fucking pistol and polarized motherfucker.
I'll kill you.
I'm like,
okay.
When I get it,
guy was shaking,
man,
here's the story.
Here's the story.
I'm in the locker room behaving myself,
my Nigga soul,
I believe I was cleaning the wash cloth,
you know,
boards off and not making it nice for everybody and macho walks in.
He's like,
Oh really?
I'm going to do it to me to get some little,
it's the story fucking going around.
We're going to need to get done and do it.
Dude.
Sounds great.
And he's like,
we gotta take care of a little business.
Mercy.
What?
Who built the sneak?
Yeah.
Has he been fixed or not
fixed?
You mean poisonous?
He goes,
yeah,
that money be the fucking bro.
I'm like,
Randy,
of course he's been fixed.
He goes,
maybe as in maybe has seen stranger things.
Have happened in the WWE.
Somebody wants to macho man Chen,
intercontinental Livvy,
we champion shoot
poisonous snake on fucking rest is history was stage the chimp.
I'm like,
dude,
are you fucking cheek?
I'm just telling you this.
He has to blink you now.
Wow.
I'm like,
what?
He goes,
we got to go at it right now.
Me and you.
And he's up in my fucking face with his fist and I'm fuck man.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Don't bleed no fucking games jam.
So I got to stick out,
man.
I'm like,
motherfucker,
I'm like any special place you want it to bite me like my deck.
It's like,
where's good?
How about the leg?
I'm like,
fine.
So I got the Cobra out and I pulled my pant leg up,
Shimmin him a little bit and stuck my leg up here and he fucking bet me,
you know,
three,
four seconds.
Let's go.
March.
I was like,
no,
don't move.
Don't take no lecture.
Don't take
pictures.
Oh Shit.
Just fucking sit there.
I want to see the boys and go through your body.
Fricking kidding me.
Finally,
after about 10 minutes,
he's like,
let me get,
you are going to be okay.
Oh sorry,
I didn't fucking make you happy.
You know I'm to die if I know you want me to die.
You know he's like no.
But tonight brother,
you fever once the sneak.
Let's build me.
Bringing back may want you looking back up again because I want this idea to
fucking to make us both some fucking big money.
Yeah.
Can you dig it?
Dig It.
All right,
we're out of here.
Wow.
I think motherfucker you wait was parish man.
Cause it's one thing to get bit and the heat of a moment.
But to sit there and fucking cold have to hike or fucking pant legs up and let a
fucking snake chew on you to make a motherfucker happy.
Come on,
give me a break.
We're asking a lot.
So if all those people were there were no or I wouldn't have felt any effects.
Right to sit there and in the locker room cold,
really no budge.
Bump another.
So I remember during the match and we did it.
Imagine,
minimum,
boom comes down,
time in the ropes.
You get the snake out came this,
make sure he's little unhappy.
And so when I turned my back to macho man,
he doesn't see me and I fucking paint brush the hell out of this fucking snake.
I pounded that motherfucker.
Why he didn't miss a second time is fucking mouthful.
Been brother.
And he's looking for anything to fucking bikers,
you know?
And I just went whoa.
And took him macho man and boom,
he latched on and he's true and he's shown my match.
You're doing a great job.
Well,
Randy,
he looked so believable.
God Damn,
you know,
he's fucking nuts.
What did they do to the snake?
Remove this poison glands?
They moved the venom sac.
Yeah.
So there's no venom in its body damaged.
They even replace it with fucking stuff they use for bullying plants,
man.
You know,
like silicone,
silicone.
Oh yeah.
Salient time.
Better Dude.
So,
uh,
they just cut them out.
It's just like an operation or she cut them out and fill them with silicone
mantra.
They can't regrow him.
Oh Wow.
Wow.
So they can't,
otherwise it would regrown yeah.
Creepy fucking animal,
Huh?
Frightening.
Especially as a kid.
And that did shoot you guys up at big law,
Paul.
Oh yeah.
I couldn't imagine.
Here's this
91.
Wow.
Yeah.
It fucking rock her world,
Bro.
Yeah.
Yeah,
me,
my little kid to watch a real snake,
an actual code couldn't get laid for months,
man.
Really fucking station in your room.
You're not fucking lying to me.
I'll come on.
Wow,
please baby.
And you really did at the snake in your room.
Usually in the bathtub playing in the water.
Oh Wow.
You want,
it's like four o'clock in the morning for a fucking drug junkie to walk in the
bathroom.
Now I'm paranoid as motherfucker anyway,
cause I'm fucking all this shit.
And now I've got to look down in a 15 foot snake.
This fucking got his mouth open.
Looking at my fucking little Dick.
Are you serious?
I'm not pissing.
What do you mean I gotta take a shit?
Nah,
not anymore.
So I go in the other room,
I piss in a fucking bond.
Oops.
I missed what the fuck?
Just pissed off.
Wow.
Yeah.
Don't walk in my room.
Barefooting swish.
Swish.
What did you feed it?
I didn't,
he didn't,
he only out there for 10 days.
So,
so what?
How often they eat once ever?
Six weeks or so.
Oh really?